Good Afternoon..

I have around 3.3  years of experience in python and Pyspark

and also worked on databases like Mysql.`

I have knowledge on git, docker, bit bucket, jira.

experience on ETL using Azure Data Factory,and pyspark

Have knowledge on big data concepts and snowflake

curently working on digimetrix technologies pvt ltd as a data engineer

Recently i worked on the project called Kohl's data analytics

(((((data related to product id,product sales,customers id ,customers name ,sale id ,sales date. )))

1.we usally get the data from data sources in the Csv or json file format.(adls)

2.we processs them using pyspark where we do column mapping,error handling and user onboarding 
and  also we perform some Transformation to get the business requirements

3.After all the transformtion process is done we load them Blob storage or somewhere client ask to.

(((((transformations----filter, count, distinct,flatMap(), union(), groupbyKey() and reducebyKey() ))))
 
 we have used technologies like python,pyspark,msql,adf,adls,azure databricks,git.....

 coming to my Roles and responsibility

●i Analyse and understand the business requirements 
●and i develope pyspark code to transform the data for various business needs
●and i develope pipeling in Azure Data Factory to perform the ETL Data flows
●and Created datasets and linked services as part of Azure Data Factory     
	

mostly i used to  work along with team members

thats all about my self.



Project #2
    Title       : Payerpath
    Role	: Developer
    Team Size	: 8
    Environment: Python, PySpark RestAPI,Flask, Mysql, Agile, Scrum, Bamboo, MongoDB, unittest

Description 
All scripts Payer path is a revenue cycle management and clearinghouse services in the United States.
It provides the credibility, experience and results demanded by both payers and providers.
Its comprehensive suite of internet solutions addresses every step in the reimbursement cycle for healthcare organizations.
Whether you are a physician practice, clearinghouse or payer, Payer path can help your organization succeed in the business of healthcare 
through improved reimbursement and claim management processes that lead to cleaner claims and faster payments.

Roles and Responsibilities
●	Performed Build and deployment activities for web applications 
●	Participated in the technical analysis, review and design discussions related with the enhancement of application
●	Involved in finding root cause analysis and fixing issues
●	Worked as Individual contributor and team member
●	Implemented test cases using unit test, mock frameworks
